I'm sorry it was me just now, Miss Aomanye
The little adult wants a fortune-telling lecture like the Chu family
You don't have to argue with him.
Calling on all Indian families
Completely isolated them from the Chu family
Isolated Chu family
Old Master Ye, you don't measure yourself either
Does your Ye family have this strength?
Hmph, our Ye family has the Marquis of Junlin to testify
How dare you fight us?
Humph idiot
Brother Xiao, don't promise them
Let's have a good talk
Your marriage to Yufei's sister, right?
Yes now, my lord
You and Yufei's official affairs
It's our dad's top priority
We are now, no
Your wedding will be done tomorrow
So?
You recognize my marriage to Yufei
recognition
As soon as the little adult makes a move?
It is hardware Tianzhu jade brew.
My little industrialist can climb to you
I'm really lucky for three lifetimes.
How dare you say half a word no, hahahaha
I can't give you this wine yet
I once made a promise in the Zhenbei Army
After returning from the Northern Expedition
Please have a glass of wine, brothers
But the Northern Expedition and the First World War
Many brothers or bones from another land
Or join the army
I'm going to bring them this wine first
But don't worry, old lady
The three gold I promised to Yiye's family
On the wedding day
I'm sure it's exactly right.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just follow Lord Xiao's meaning
Hahahaha
Yes, yes, this India is brewing
It really should be used to reward those first
Soldiers of the Northern Expedition
Our Ye family will not pick it up or not
Well, that's it for today
Yufei, let's go
Ah hey
Walk slowly, Lord Xiao, Dad
We have a good son-in-law this time
Our Ye family is loyal and hopeful
Ha ha.
It's not that I educated Yufei well since I was a child
Our family will have such a great opportunity
You say yes boss
Okay, okay.
It's all family, don't say that
What's the priority now?
It's to prepare for Fei's wedding
Hahahaha me
Look at you
Is the Ye family happy too early?